Update README.md (#144)
grid-parity-exchange/Prescient: README.md

```
pip install gridx-prescient
```

#### Installing from source

You may want to install from source if you want to use the latest pre-release
version of the code, or if you want to modify/contribute to the code yourself.
Install from source by following these steps:

1. Install EGRET from source according to the instructions [here](https://github.com/grid-parity-exchange/Egret/blob/main/README.md).
   This is necessary because pre-release versions of Prescient sometimes depend 
   on pre-release versions of EGRET.
2. Clone or download/extract the Prescient repository.
3. Install Prescient into the environment as an editable package by issuing the 
   following command from the root of the Prescient repository:
   ```
   pip install -e .
   ```
   This will install Prescient as a Python module while obtaining necessary dependencies. 

### Solver Installation

Prescient requires a pyomo-compatible MILP solver. A commercial solver (CPLEX, 
Gurobi, or Xpress) is recommended over open source solvers. If a commercial 
solver is not available we recommend installing the open source CBC MILP solver. 

#### CBC

The specific mechanics of installing CBC are platform-specific. When using 

> Anaconda on Linux and Mac platforms, this can be accomplished simply by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anaconda on Windows, Mac, or Linux platforms, this can be accomplished simply by:
```
Cbc is now available via anaconda for Windows: https://anaconda.org/conda-forge/coincbc

Author: Thanks, instructions updated...

```
conda install -c conda-forge coincbc
```

> To install CBC on Windows, download from https://ampl.com/dl/open/cbc/cbc-win64.zip.
> Unzip the downloaded file and then ensure `cbc.exe` is in your path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
